your piece of the oil nature people
major local people everywhere all over
the world your boy don't easy right here
my first official video living on the
page
they're talking shipping on my back
another friend I mean the talk is
emitting energy yeah Stumbo and I work
for my chick still lovin it
gotta let the space open up walking down
Dominion bring out the showers are the
blessing time and I know me here by the
money how to play no fun against I got
some but now I'm up what up I'm in the
game what up I got it luck fully loaded
like it's it's a warehouse nothing
running on the mouth like they're really
really my you backer so be funny on a
day-to-day that's you I love you my legs
you are lucky chance then you walking
lies and I wanna crush you walk with it
fuck
but I will never do that but some wallet
intervention I got a feeling foolish for
your little
in a quest for the money I'll be killing
who that who on attempt
the most intellectually overly gonna be
on my level of it
I thought you might be on my level I'll
be available
Oh
and efficient is the body to come to the
next floor and everything was easy
other times
we're playing right here and we say you
talk real talk motherfucker
real talk you